{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Lato-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18080\viewh15080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Name: Jack Wilburn\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 CMPT 202 Quiz 1\uc0\u8232 October 3, 2018\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This quiz has ten questions for 50 total points. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa100\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Multiple choice:\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 1.	 [5 points] Assume Fruit is the parent class of Apple. Type a X next to all the valid lines of code which will compile:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\ri720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Apple red = new Apple(\'93Gala\'94); 			X\
\
Fruit green = new Fruit(\'93Granny Smith\'94);		X\
\
Apple pink = new Fruit(\'93Fuji\'94);			\
\
Fruit tan = new Apple(\'93Northern Spy\'94);		X\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 2.	[5 points] Assume there is a Shape interface, and it is implemented by the Polygon and Segment classes. Type a X next to all the valid lines of code which will compile:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\ri720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Shape s1 = new Segment();				X\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Polygon s2 = new Polygon();			X\u8232 \
Shape s3 = new Shape();				\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Segment s4 = new Shape();				\
\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 3.	[5 points] Assume the following code is legal (because Fact is the parent class of AlternativeFact), and that both classes contain a method called isItTrue(). Which class\'92 isItTrue() method will execute? \
      Type (a) or (b) : (a)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\ri720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Fact news = new AlternativeFact();\
news.isItTrue();\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1800\fi-360\ri720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 (a)	The isItTrue()
\b  
\b0 method for AlternativeFact will execute.\
(b)	The isItTrue() method for Fact will execute.\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 4.  [5 points] The specifications of an ADT\'92s operations in an interface indicate ______.\uc0\u8232 Type in your choice, (a), (b), (c), or (d) : (a)\
\uc0\u8232 (a) What the operations do\u8232 (b) How to implement the operations\u8232 (c) How to store the data in the ADT\u8232 (d) All of the above\u8232 \
5. [5 points] Which of the following will be true when the variable current references the first node  in a linked list with more than one element? \
       Type in your choice, (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) : (c)\
\
	(a) current == null\
	(b) head == null\
	(c) current.next != null\
	(d) head.next == null\
	(e) None of the above\uc0\u8232 \
6. [5 points] Assume you have the primitive data int a, b and the objects \uc0\u8232 Bag b1, b2. Choose all the correct comparisons.\
  Type in your choice(s), (a), (b), (c), and/or (d) :  (b), (d)\uc0\u8232 \u8232 (a) if (a.equals(b))\u8232 (b) if (a == b)\u8232 (c) if (b1 == b2)\u8232 (d) if (b1.equals(b2))\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\sa100\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 7. [5 points] Assume Polygon is an interface, and Nonagon implements this interface. Choose the all valid lines of code:\
     Type in your choice(s), (a), (b), (c), and/or (d) : (b)\uc0\u8232 \u8232 (a) public class Polygon implements Nonagon\u8232 (b) public class Nonagon implements Polygon\u8232 (c) public interface Nonagon extends Polygon\u8232 (d) public interface Polygon extends Nonagon\u8232 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\sa100\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Short Answer
\fs24 : \
\
8.	[5 points] Suppose you implemented the Set interface using a linked list and using an array, naming them LinkedListSet and ArraySet. Assuming each implementation passes all unit tests, is the code below correct? \
      Type Y or N : Y\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\fi720\ri720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Set s1 = new LinkedListSet();\
Set s2 = new ArraySet();\
Set s3 = s1.union(s2);\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\fi720\ri720\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri720\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf2 9.	[5 points] Complete the following method that is passed an array of integers and returns the number of integers that are prime. (Assume you have a method isPrime(int number) that returns a boolean true if number is prime, false otherwise.)\uc0\u8232 \u8232 public int primeCount(int[] values) \{\u8232 \u8232 int count = 0;\u8232 \u8232 for (int i = 0; I < values.length(); I++) \{\u8232 	if (isPrime(values[I])) \
			count++;\uc0\u8232 \}\
	return count;\
   \}\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 10. [5 points] Consider the following two methods:\
\
public int squareOrCube(int n) \{\uc0\u8232 if (n % 2 == 0)\u8232 	return n * n;\u8232 else\
		return n * n * n;\
\}\
\
public void negateIt(boolean values[]) \{\
	int i = 0;\uc0\u8232 \u8232 while (i < values.length) \{\
		values[i] = false;\
		i++;\uc0\u8232 \}\
\}\
\
Answer the following:\
\
Is squareOrCube() linear ( O(n) ) ? \
Type Y or N: N\
\
\
Is negateIt() linear ( O(n) ) ? \
Type Y or N: Y\
}